a better way to arrive at Narita
International Airport as
hi
they opened up right now with a driver
charged with a collection object
right
also we have coachman for free
because that employed them
boy
we have just closed
how about your day off
in fact about UI
the little s again
we have a filter material the general
result applicability of this aircraft
that would be the skill set
protection or accelerating whistle every
root selector desperate drop shapes of
the ready control arrow what ago
actually over the suicide
Teddy what about my fake you know when
overnight any oil exercise
gracias Maya
Kukoc I can accommodate oh you did over
your corporate arena so Rose is dead
Krista's only what's exactly that's
enough okay Bacchus is met by the states
over top the taking or equally my debut
toca toca padilla de comercio Okanagan
ladies and gentlemen we are now making
of a final approach we expect to arrive
in about 10 minutes
basically forget yourself please keep up
please keep your electronic devices off
until you leave the aircraft